Connectivity bridge t91x (#13993)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/connectivity_bridge/boards/thingy91_nrf52840_readme.txt

====================
  Nordic Thingy:91
====================

Full Nordic Thingy:91 documentation can be found here:
https://nordicsemi.com/thingy91

This USB interface has the following functions:
- Disk drive containing this file and others
- COM ports for nRF91 debug, trace, and firmware update

COM Ports
====================
This USB interface exposes two COM ports mapped to the physical UART interfaces between the nRF91 and nRF52840 devices.
When opening these ports manually (without using LTE Link Monitor) be aware that the USB COM port baud rate selection is applied to the UART.

> BLE UART Service
> ====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bluetooth LE Central UART Service
=================================
```

This device will advertise as "Thingy:91 UART".

> Connect using a BLE Central device, for example a phone running the nRF Connect app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect using a Bluetooth LE Central device, for example a phone running the nRF Connect app:
```

====================
  Nordic Thingy:91
====================

Full Nordic Thingy:91 documentation can be found here:
https://nordicsemi.com/thingy91

This USB interface has the following functions:
* Disk drive containing this file and others
* COM ports for nRF91 debug, trace, and firmware update

COM Ports
====================

This USB interface exposes two COM ports mapped to the physical UART interfaces between the nRF91 Series and nRF52840 devices.
When opening these ports manually (without using the LTE Link Monitor), be aware that the USB COM port baud rate selection is applied to the UART.

> Bluetooth LE Central UART Service

Author: Yeah, this will be static now.
At least it's more straightforward how to edit the readme files now.
